We're leaving this apartment tonight.
Mm-mm.
We are. Food.
Bed.
You've got, what, like,
three weeks left in the city?
We gotta make the most of it.
Oh, trust me, this qualifies.
Speaking of food,
I tried to look this restaurant
up the other day.
- Janello's.
- Mm.
Yeah, someone said it was amazing.
- Yeah.
- They don't have a website.
Website? They don't even have a menu.
They serve chicken.
What is with this city?
It's like you're trapped
in some time loop
from 50 years ago.
I got lost yesterday for 30 minutes
in some back-of-the-yards
canary-sparrow-streeter-ville labyrinth.
See, and that right there
is the best part of it.
That weird Chicago pride
that you all have,
even though y'all admit
that this city is too corrupt,
too violent, too cold,
- it's still a great city.
- Uh-huh, yeah, yeah.
You're so gonna miss this place.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You gonna get that?
Um, hey, come back to bed.
I swear I didn't plan that.
It's a crime scene.
Right.
Chicago.
What do we got?
Two GSWs to the chest, one to the head.
Chipped.
Gang intelligence's
been here from the jump.
Are we assisting them?
I'm not sure. Gangs didn't call us here.
All right, work the scene
as best as they'll let you.
- Copy.
- Hey, Ray.
Appreciate you coming out.
Looking good for a man who just got shot.
Yeah, I feel good. All healed.
Honest, Ray, I'm not sure how I can help.
I mean, the Gang Unit's already
been assigned to this.
I knew him. His name is John Winton.
He just got out of Stateville
a month ago.
Was a shot-caller
with the Gangster Prophets.
He get picked up in that '04 raid?
Uh-huh.
That's the biggest bust we ever made.
Took down over 75 bangers
in that operation.
Yeah, well, just about all
of them have been getting out
of prison in the past six months.
They're trying to take
the neighborhood back.
The last thing we need
in this neighborhood...
the last thing I need...
- Got fire!
- Let's go!
- 6120, shots fired.
- Body!
We got him! Spread out, find him!
Plainclothes officers on scenes.
Hey, back these cars up!
We're too late. He's already gone.
Block it off.
All right, everybody move back!
Somebody get me some tape
before we trample the scene!
Back, back, back!
Two generations fighting
over one neighborhood.
It's not good.
Yeah, it's called a gang war.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
I am not gonna have a 60-shoot weekend.
We stop this bleeding now.
We've got 20 patrol cars en route.
We'll flood the zone with uniforms.
Show of force.
CPIC and Narcotics are in the loop.
They'll offer support as well.
You know Gangs is handling the bodies.
Intelligence can jump on with CPIC.
They'll help identify potential
next shooters and targets.
No. I want intelligence with me.
Working a peace deal.
You know, Ray, last time I checked,
you were still an alderman.
That said, if you do have a valid reason
for this request, I'm all ears.
It's pretty simple.
Hank is the only cop in Chicago
who might actually be able
to pull this off.
I want hourly reports. Understood?
- Understood.
- Good.
Sir, um, gentlemen, can I have a minute?
Please?
Listen.
You want me to try and broker truce,
I'm happy to do that.
But I think we all know there's
no clean, easy way.
I'm gonna have my hands full.
That being said,
the last thing I want
is to be caught in the middle
of your political tug of war.
I live two blocks from here.
I'm just trying to prevent
more bodies from dropping.
- As am I.
- So we agree to a truce?
Now all you gotta do,
go convince the gang bangers
to do the same thing.
- Start with the old-timers?
- Yeah.
You know who's calling the
shots over there these days?
Guy by the name of Eddie Brackton.
Hey, I apologize for the noise.
Saturday mornings,
my mom like to do breakfast.
What's going on, Ray?
Not every day the candidate
for Mayor swings through.
Those bodies last night.
Look, I just got out
of prison three weeks ago.
I know.
If we weren't talking
about dead men and boys,
I might be impressed with your progress.
Now, we're setting a meeting tonight,
and I need you to show up.
We're getting a member
from the younger generation
to show as well.
Like a peace summit?
I didn't realize you
were still doing those.
Don't have a choice.
You saying you need my help?
I'm saying we need to put
an end to the killing.
And the word is you're the
de facto regent on this block.
If that's true,
you'll come to this meeting,
you'll sit down, you'll hear the terms.
We'll hash out a plan.
And why exactly will I do all this?
It's good for business.
Okay, I'll come through.
- If it is to work, Officer...
- Sergeant.
If it is to work, Sergeant,
you gonna have to get someone
on the other side with some real power.
And older than 15.
Okay, this is the four-block section.
Controlled by a new young
faction of the GPs,
but to say control
is really an overstatement.
Yeah, these kids are wild.
They don't observe any rules or bylaws.
Will any of these young guns
stand out from the crowd,
make a name for himself?
No, there's a lot of arrests
for possession.
All right, so follow that. Listen.
If there's kids out there dealing drugs,
that means someone out there
is controlling it somewhere.
I mean, talk to gangs.
Use what intel they got.
Reached out to a few of my CIs.
If we're banking on the drug
angle, they should have a name.
Okay, good. But let's move fast.
We gotta find a kid who can
sit down with Eddie Brackton
before this wave gets ahead of us.
Got it.
Uh, Antonio got a name.
Eric Wilson, 16 years old.
No priors and has a handle
on at least three corners.
Yeah, but I don't see him on the street.
Yeah, well, that's 'cause he's smart.
It's 19 degrees out.
That's one job I don't envy.
Chicago drug runner
in the dead of winter.
Blair, huh?
That still going?
Yeah.
It's been good. It's easy fun.
He's leaving in three weeks.
You good with that?
It's supposed to be a temporary,
no-questions-asked fling.
It's nothing more.
Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
Hey, our kid's walking up now.
Hey, we got a positive on Eric.
Denim jacket, jeans. Ruzek, you're up.
Hey, man. Hey, my man.
- You're the guy, right?
- For what?
Matty Cumins sent me down here
and told me to talk to you...
to come to this corner.
You're the guy, right?
I don't know no Matty Cumins.
You just keep on moving.
Then maybe you can point me
in the right direction.
Look, whatever you're looking to buy,
ain't nobody selling.
Take that damn Stevenson.
This ain't where you come.
Look, man, I'm just trying to get well.
You know what I mean?
Look, your ears don't work, man?
I'm sorry.
Easy, easy, easy. Easy, easy, easy.
All right? Put your arms up.
- I ain't got nothing on me.
- I don't care.
You're Eric Wilson, right?
Word is you're the shot-caller.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You sell on three corners
of this neighborhood.
Yeah, we know. But we don't care.
Today's your lucky day. We're
not gonna bust you for that.
As long as you come to the meeting
tonight with Eddie Brackton.
I ain't coming to no meeting
just because a couple
of old dudes just got out the joint.
Come on, kid. Then we're just gonna have
to bring you in and book you.
You can't do that, either.
I ain't got nothing on me,
and you ain't got nothing
to arrest me for.
- I know my rights.
- That so?
Think we can manage to come up
with something, don't you?
There's certainly enough
to walk you to a patrol car
in front of all your boys.
Let me tell you,
I'm not gonna put you in cuffs.
I'm gonna walk you out there.
I'm gonna talk to you real nice
like we're pals.
Like we're helping each other.
Kids around here love snitches.
Sarge, it's pretty quiet out here.
I didn't come to no peace summit holding.
All right, Eddie, meet Eric Wilson.
Let's go.
Come on.
All right, tonight,
we're gonna figure out a plan
to square up your territory and make sure
no more bodies drop.
We didn't drop any bodies.
Yeah then who killed my boy John John?
Hey, don't be accusing me, old man.
Calm down.
We're trying to make peace,
not start a fight.
Look, I know what y'all are trying to do.
But that doesn't mean I have
to go along with it.
Well, that's right.
You got free will
to do whatever you want.
But you better understand
that if you don't,
boy, I'm gonna flood this
neighborhood with cops.
They're gonna search your houses,
stand on your corners.
I mean, you won't be able
to sell lemonade,
let alone drugs.
All right, all right,
enough with all that yapping.
Here's the deal I propose.
I won't retaliate against y'all
if I get a guarantee
that none of your boys step
foot on my two blocks.
- Those aren't your two blocks.
- Yes, they are.
And you won't step foot on them.
And he won't step foot on yours.
And nobody... and I mean nobody...
opens fire.
On anyone.
I mean, you two manage to do that,
you can sling all the dope you want.
I'm good with that.
Yeah.
Me too.
Kid! Get the kid!
Get down, get down! Get down!
Lay down on the ground!
Get your head down!
Guys, plainclothes officers in the area.
You good? Anybody hit?
Yeah, no, all good.
I was pinned down. I didn't have eyes.
Help me! Help!
Help! Help me!
5021 Henry,
roll in ambo to the 4400 block
of South Whipple. Female victim.
GSW to the abdomen.
I'm gonna go get something
to stop the bleeding.
- Go.
- Come on, breathe, baby.
It's gonna be okay. Oh.
Police, anybody home?
Stay right here.
Ma'am, I just need some towels.
- Is my sister...
- She's been shot.
We need to get her to a hospital.
She was walking back from the store.
Is she gonna die?
We're doing everything we can.
- You got it?
- Yeah.
Oh, my God.
- Sarge!
- Where's that ambulance?
En route.
5021 Eddie. Give me an ETA on an ambo.
- We need it fast.
- Nikki, no, please!
- They shot my baby!
- Ma'am.
Let's give them some space
so they can work, okay?
One minute out.
Get up.
Y'all better let me
the hell up out of here.
Better what?
Better try that again, you
wanna walk out of here alive.
Calm down, man.
I came here to work out a deal.
- Your people do the shooting?
- Hell no.
You want the shooter,
you better ask this little
- punk ass bitch here.
- What you say to me, man?
Calm down! Back up, back up!
Sit down! Keep your mouth shut.
You know my boys was right outside.
Guessing those were your targets.
So...
One of your boys do the shooting?
It's possible, but I didn't order it.
I got a young woman...
a civilian with two kids...
bleeding out right now, you understand?
So... you're gonna get me a name.
You think you won't. Hmm.
Hey!
I don't get a name,
I'll cut your head clean off
and mail it to your mother.
Look at me. Look.
You think I'm playing?
I'll do what I can.
You're damn right you will.
You, no retaliation. You understand?
I'm supposed to stand back and let him
just shoot up my neighborhood?
You give me 48 hours
or I'll bring you in right now.
Violate your parole.
Fine. But just 48.
Get out of here.
Both of you.
Now.
That wave just got ahead of us.
Hey.
I had to cage them up in your office.
They were driving me nuts.
Good luck with that.
- Sir, Ray.
- Hank.
What in the hell just happened?
You tell me you can set up a meeting.
You tell me that you can ID
the shot-callers.
I did.
Well then who screwed up?
No one, except some kid carrying a MAC-10
who decided to open fire on everyone.
Be that as it may, Sergeant,
I now have two children
with no mother and news vans
circling their house
trying to get interviews.
I'm doing everything I can to help,
but... I'm just an alderman, right?
Not the police.
Watch yourself, Ray.
'Cause I am working real hard
here not to blame the problem
on the leaders of this crime-infested...
Oh, what do you know about
the leaders of my neighborhood?
That is enough. Enough!
We agreed we're not gonna do that, right?
So here's my plan.
Well, first, we do our best to make sure
no more bodies drop.
Then we focus all our attention...
we do whatever's necessary...
to find the punk who murdered
this young woman.
And when we do,
we just parade his ass
down Michigan avenue.
All of us.
Do that.
That son of a bitch.
Chomping at the bit to throw
my black ass under the bus
to pick up a few votes in the process.
Okay, I'm gonna go and see
that girl's family.
See if they need anything, any money.
He's chomping at the bit, huh?
This is not a photo op.
This is what I do. This is who I am.
Boss, young GPs are taking
credit for the shooting.
Got a bunch of social media posts here.
Idiots rapping about shooting
up the barber shop.
Definitely a retaliation hit.
There's nothing specific, though.
We can't ID the actual shooter yet.
And Eric?
Uh, he's claiming he has no name
and that no one's talking to him.
The shooter's probably just
some wannabe banger
looking for attention.
But all wannabe bangers
are looking for attention.
That's the problem.
Ballistics came back.
The gun used was a MAC-10,
matches an unsolved homicide.
I talked to Gangs.
They don't have any suspects.
Hey, I may have something.
POD grabbed an SUV
speeding west two blocks
from the barber shop about a
minute after the shots were fired.
SUV's registered to an Isaiah Young.
- Gang affiliation?
- Young GPs.
- Bring his ass in.
- Okay.
Here you go, Isaiah.
Sit down right there.
Uh, what the hell's going on?
Why don't you tell us?
Okay, I was gonna pick up
my son when two cops threw me
to the ground and handcuffed my ass.
And other than that,
I don't know a damn thing.
You don't know a damn thing
about that shooting
by the barber shop yesterday?
No.
Any reason why your truck
was seen speeding away
100 yards from the crime scene?
I took off 'cause I heard gunshots.
And the idea of dying ain't so appealing.
It's that simple.
No, when a young mother gets killed,
nothing is that simple.
Man, I ain't got nothing to do with that.
What about your fellow bangers?
I'm not in a gang.
That's not what the database shows.
Because that database is racist.
I never been in a gang.
I just lived in the same neighborhood.
A cop probably saw me talking
to some guy I went
to kindergarten with and
decided to put me on that list.
Okay, let's assume
you're telling the truth.
You were still right there
in the middle of it.
What'd you see?
Hmm?
You don't wanna talk?
That's fine.
We'll just hold you for 48 hours.
Hey, man, but I didn't see anything.
I was driving home listening to music,
and all of a sudden I just heard...
So I drove away. Fast.
- Did you see the shooter?
- No.
Did you see anyone on the street?
- Anything at all?
- Not really.
Uh, I saw these two women,
um, walking with groceries.
You saw two women?
Yeah, they were... they were young.
20, 25.
I already told you what I know.
I'm not so sure about that.
What's that mean?
I think you lied.
I think you went with
your sister to the market.
And you were walking back with her.
When that kid started shooting,
you were right beside her.
I ran inside to get help.
To call 911.
I get it.
I would have done the exact same thing.
Alyssa, I need to know
if you saw what happened.
If you saw the shooter.
What difference will it make?
It could be the difference
between finding the killer
and letting him go free.
I'm not involved in any of this.
Those girls are my responsibility now.
I gotta do what's best for them.
I understand.
But I'm guessing you also wanna
find the person that did this
to Nikki in the first place.
Of course I do.
But you don't get to stand
there and try to lecture me
about what's best.
You think you understand this
violence 'cause you show up
when it's over? You don't.
I know this neighborhood
a hell of a lot better
than you ever will.
And I also know you don't
find killers around here.
You just let them walk free, kill again.
You're right.
But people around here don't do
a whole lot of helping either.
So, if you ask me, we're both at fault.
If you cooperate, I will do everything
in my power to get justice
for your sister.
Alyssa, did you see what happened?
Yeah.
I saw the whole thing.
I tell you what I saw,
do I have to go to court?
Testify?
It's possible.
Yeah, well, that's not too
popular in my neighborhood.
I know.
Alyssa, this is a big decision.
And we're not gonna give you the speech
about how it's your duty as a
citizen to do the right thing.
Because ultimately you have
to live with these consequences
whether you cooperate with us
or don't cooperate with us.
So, take all the time you need.
The shooter was young.
Couldn't have been more than 17.
Black jacket.
Blue skull cap.
He was alone.
I saw him get off a bus.
At first I thought I knew him.
That's why I noticed him.
Then what happened?
He pulled out a gun.
Started shooting towards
the barber shop at these
two other guys leaning against the car.
After that, he ran away.
Like a scared little boy.
I think this is him.
It's the only bus Alyssa could
have had eyes on at that hour.
But the kid never looks up.
And he paid with cash so
we can't track a Ventra card.
I've been looking into
the clothes he was wearing,
- but they're pretty unspecific.
- Everything about him is.
He rode the bus two stops
so I'm trying to track down
the other passengers,
but chances are they didn't
notice him either.
We got a clear shot of his phone?
No, but he's a young kid, so I'm guessing
he's on social media.
- So run it with CPIC.
- Yeah.
Do you have a name
on the plate on the car?
- Yeah.
- You do?
Okay, good.
- Hey.
- Blair.
Hey. What are you doing here?
- Hungry?
- Is that lunch?
Yeah, I found this amazing
new place in Logan's Square.
Beef fat friends, heirloom beets,
- Berkshire Pork Shank...
- Let me guess.
They had a website and maybe even a menu?
Oh, nice. Yeah, funny, ha, ha.
Thank you very much.
- You're busy, aren't you?
- I'm very busy, Blair.
All right, how about dinner instead?
Done. Um, I got... I gotta go.
- I gotta go.
- Okay, hey, hey, hey.
Yeah?
Before you go,
I got offered a new assignment
in Chicago so, you know,
I might be sticking around
for a few more months.
- Kim, come on, we gotta move.
- Yeah.
- Let's talk about it at dinner.
- Okay.
Okay.
Social media might be
the crux of today's violence,
but it's also the way to stop it.
That's Instagram.
What faction am I looking at, again?
Young GPs.
They operate four blocks in Englewood,
75th to 71st. Guy's a kid.
They're all kids.
MAC-10 is heavy artillery.
I'm guessing he's been popped before.
At least filled out a gang card.
What bus line is that?
It's the 8. 75th street, 10:18 p.m.
That narrows it.
These kids are getting smarter.
Now they've got multiple profiles.
This might be it.
"You piss on us, we piss on you."
Wrote that 10:17 p.m.
Matches your timeline.
- Yeah.
- Lamar Cooke.
Loosely affiliated with the GPs.
That's a long-ass rap sheet
for a 17-year-old.
Give me one second.
Got a camera right outside
his last known address.
All right.
I'm gonna show you some photos.
When you see the boy
that killed your sister,
just let me know, okay?
Okay, but we all realize I
only saw him for a few seconds,
- right?
- Right.
If you don't recognize him,
you don't recognize him.
Because once you make a positive ID,
it's very hard to run that back.
So take your time.
Make sure you really want
to do this, okay?
It sounds like you're trying
to talk me out of it.
Maybe I am.
Why?
Straight up, uh,
my little brother got involved
in something like this.
It cost him.
Cost me too.
You said something earlier,
about the consequences of not doing it.
If I didn't try to nail this guy,
if I just hid and pretended
I didn't see anything,
I would never forgive myself.
Then let's nail him.
Boss, there's about 15 kids
in there it looks like.
They're fairly heavily armed too.
All right, we got one shot.
We spook this kid,
he's going underground.
So we go in loud and heavy.
Let's move.
Three, two, one, headache.
Headache.
Everybody get down now!
Get down! Everybody down!
Get on the ground!
Stay down!
Hands on your head!
Stay down.
- Hey, look at me.
- Don't move.
Put your hands behind your head.
Behind your head.
All right, we're looking for Lamar Cooke.
You're Lamar, if you're here,
just say hello.
Look at me. Look at me.
Eric, it's good to see you again.
We're looking for your friend Lamar.
He's gone.
- You ain't never gonna find him.
- Huh.
See, I thought you didn't know
who did the shooting.
I lied, dumb-ass.
Bring him in.
Bring them all in!
Don't move.
Get up.
Come on.
Your boys aren't doing any talking, Eric,
and you say you're the boss.
You say you lied to us.
You know Lamar's gone.
You know where he is.
So you know everything, huh?
So that means we get
to charge you with all of it.
Obstruction of justice and murder.
How's that sound?
This is where you start talking.
- The quicker you do that...
- I'm not about to talk to you.
None of this is my problem.
Not your problem?
Yeah. Are we done now?
Can I go back?
I'm done playing nice. Let's go.
What you doing?
Get your hands off me, man.
Come on. Let's go.
I ain't getting in no cage.
Well, I didn't invite you in the cage.
Look, Eric, I understand
where you live, okay?
You want to survive,
you better learn to be tough.
See, the thing is...
When the bullets started
flying at that barber shop,
I caught you, bro,
and you were surprised.
And I think you were a little scared.
So I know you didn't order that hit.
You're no shot-caller, man.
You don't control anything.
So why the hell
are you pinning this on me?
Because I need Lamar.
And I think you know where he's hiding.
So where is he?
Shh. Shh, shh.
Lamar!
You looking for that?
Turn over. Put your
hands behind your back.
Offender in custody.
Copy that.
- Hey.
- The shooter's in custody.
They're booking him
into holding as we speak.
Good.
We release the arrests,
hopefully that ends the shooting,
at least for a while.
And this witness, you're
sure she's willing to testify?
Oh, yeah. This kid's strong.
She'll see this one through.
Okay, I'll convene
a grand jury right away.
The faster we indict this kid,
the better.
I'm glad we were able to work
on this one together, gentlemen.
It makes me proud.
There you go.
This...
Alyssa, this is just us
being extra cautious.
Got the Grand Jury tomorrow,
and naturally the last thing
we want is for anybody
to know you testified.
I get it.
But I don't wanna stay
at this motel for long.
Hopefully it'll only be for a night.
Good.
I don't like being away from home.
Especially now.
Alyssa all set?
Yeah, she checked in 15 minutes ago.
Had a patrol car outside all night.
Good.
Sarge, you guys gotta see this.
See what?
Kelton just released
a statement to the press.
Great.
Thanks to the CPD, Alderman Price,
and the good men and women of Ward 22,
we now have a suspect in custody.
This truly was a team effort,
an excellent demonstration
of what kind of a city
Chicago really is,
as evidenced by the incredible
courage of one citizen who came forward
and identified the shooter.
So, after tomorrow, then what happens?
Then you go about your life.
Until the actual trial starts.
Probably about a year.
But there's a good chance
that that won't even happen.
The kid could get nervous
and plead out to a murder two,
which means that you won't
have to testify in front
of an open court
and no one will ever know
you were actually involved.
Now there are some people who love to say
that the African-American
community doesn't trust
the CPD, doesn't respect the CPD.
But if this case is any indication,
I would say that that
is a gross exaggeration.
Because without the support...
without the cooperation
of the residents of Ward 22
and our brave witness,
we never could have made
an arrest like this.
And that's a fact.
Son of a bitch.
He just put a target on our witness.
I don't understand what we're doing here.
I thought the Grand Jury
was scheduled for 8:00 a.m.
Yeah, we can't have you testify.
What?
It got leaked to the public
that there's a witness
on the case, so...
No... no, that doesn't matter.
I can still go testify.
No, you can't. It's not safe.
And we can't put you
in that kind of danger.
Am I supposed to go get on the train now?
We contacted your aunt.
Got you a ticket to Detroit.
- Some cash for when you get th...
- Are you kidding?
I'm not leaving Chicago.
My nieces are here.
M-my sister's gone now.
I'm what they have left.
- My mother said...
- Alyssa, this is not an option, okay?
- I'm not going!
- Listen to me.
You stay here,
your whole family is in danger.
If they ID you,
everybody you stand next to
is a target...
your grandmother, your nieces.
Straight up.
Yeah, it's gonna hurt like hell
to leave the people you love.
But that pain is better
than the alternative.
I'm sorry this is happening.
I thought we had...
I don't want your damn apology.
Where you been? Is there a problem?
The witness isn't here yet.
She isn't coming.
She's gone?
Let the witness go,
which means you let the killer go.
No, you let the killer go.
We don't have a case
'cause you broke the truce.
Put a target on her back.
- Son of a bitch.
- Come on.
That was not my intention.
I was trying to celebrate all of us.
Ray, I specifically praised you.
- Joint arrest. Joint... Joint victory.
- Wow.
And Hank, I even threw you a bone.
Give me a break.
Yeah, but you held onto that
microphone a little too long,
didn't you? Made it about the election.
- About you.
- Oh, I don't need this.
It's all right,
you couldn't help yourself!
It's who you are! It's your nature!
Hey!
Let me make sure I understand this right.
You're telling me you can't make a case?
Fell apart.
Shooter is being released
from our custody.
I gave you 48 hours.
And I gave you his damn location.
That's right. You did.
And you did nothing.
We're right back where we started!
Eddie, you wanna watch your tone with me.
You know, I spent 20 years
of my life on these streets
in the Gang Unit.
I was probably there
the night they put you away.
You can tell me all you want
about the good old days.
But I was there. I remember them.
This city...
it's always been violent.
Always will be.
But that doesn't mean
that we can't have order.
Rules.
What the hell is that?
That is the details of Lamar
Cooke's release from County.
So.
You say you wanna be the boss?
Shot-caller?
- It's my boy.
- Mm-hmm.
What, this some sort
of trap or something?
Either you take care of it, or I do.
We can't have any more
mothers or kids dying.
No more wars.
And no more peace summits.
We need the cops to go so we
can get back to making money.
Mm.
Is that what you wanted?
It's what I expected.
Mm.
16 years old.
Damn hard, make peace,
you don't know fear yet.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org